Update sl-jdbc.md (#4102)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/sl-jdbc.md

Where filters in API allow for a filter list or string. We recommend using the filter list for production applications as this format will realize all benefits from the <Term id="predicate-pushdown"  /> where possible. 

Where Filters have a few objects that you can use:

- `Dimension()` - This is used for any categorical or time dimensions. If used for a time dimension, granularity is required -  `Dimension('metric_time').grain('week')` or `Dimension('customer__country')`

> - `Entity()` - used for entities like primary and foreign keys - `Entity('order_id')`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Entity()` - Used for entities like primary and foreign keys - `Entity('order_id')`
```

> Note: If you prefer a more strongly typed `where` clause, you can optionally use the `TimeDimension` feature. This helps separate out categorical dimensions from time-related ones. The `TimeDimesion` input takes the time dimension name and also requires granularity, like this: `TimeDimension('metric_time', 'MONTH')`.

Reviewer 2: I don't think `strongly typed` is the best way to put it. `Dimension('metric_time').grain('week')` has similar typing.

Author: Good call. Maybe "more explicit" is better? TimeDimension is more explicit than Dimension

Reviewer 2: Ya, that is better!

  order_by=['order_gross_profit'])
  }}
``` 

> Note that for `order_by`, if you are operating on the object (e.g. changing granularity), you should use the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `order_by` and making changes to the object (like changing granularity), use this syntax:
```
